feat(text-editor): replaces draftjs with lexical (#7149)
Sage/carbon: src/components/text-editor/text-editor.mdx

calls to the callback function.

<Canvas of={TextEditorStories.OnChange} />

### onSave Handler

To handle the content of the editor when the `Save` button is clicked, you can set the `onSave` property to a function. The callback function
returns two values: the JSON and HTML content of the editor. The value of `json` reflects the structure that the editor understands/uses
internally; the value of `htmlString` is the raw content of the editor in HTML format (note that the HTML returned is not complete HTML - only
the content of the editor is converted).

If the `onSave` property is not provided, the `Save` button will not be displayed.

Type into the editor and the click the **Show Data Formats** button in the example below to see the JSON and HTML content of the editor.

<Canvas of={TextEditorStories.OnSave} />

### onCancel Handler

To cancel changes made to the content of the editor when the `Cancel` button is clicked, you can set the `onCancel` property to a function. This
function will be called when the user clicks the `Cancel` button.

If `value` is provided, the `Cancel` button will reset the editor to the initial value when pressed.

> If the `onCancel` property is not provided, the `Cancel` button will not bedisplayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `onCancel` property is not provided, the `Cancel` button will not be displayed.
```

trigger a warning message automatically.

<Canvas of={TextEditorStories.WithWarning} />

### With HTML As Initial Value

In order to set the initial value of the editor as HTML, you can use the `createFromHTML` function to convert the HTML content to a format that
the editor can understand. The `createFromHTML` function should be called with the HTML content as an argument, and the result should be passed
to the `value` property of the editor.

<Canvas of={TextEditorStories.WithHTMLValue} />

### With JSON As Initial Value

You can set the initial value of the editor by passing a JSON object to the `value` property. The JSON object provided should be in the format
returned by the `onSave` function callback, an example of which can be seen below.

<Canvas of={TextEditorStories.WithJSONValue} />

### Input Hint

You can use the `inputHint` property to provide additional information to the user about the expected content or usage of the editor.

<Canvas of={TextEditorStories.InputHint} />

### With Row Count

You can customise the height of the text editor by setting the `rows` property. The `rows` property should be a number greater than `2`, and will

> determine the minimium height of the editor by multplying the number of rows provided by the height of a single row (21px). If `rows` is not provided,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
determine the minimum height of the editor by multiplying the number of rows provided by the height of a single row (21px). If `rows` is not provided,
```

the editor will default to a height of `210px`, equivalent to 10 rows (note that more than 10 rows of content can be added; setting the `rows` prop

> only sets the minimium height of the editor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only sets the minimum height of the editor).
```
